school culture is just the all-around
learning environment that we set the
culture that we have here is really to
make sure that we have high expectations
for the students and I know that's kind
of like a buzzword however when we talk
about high expectations we have to make
sure that it's not just the expectations
for the students but the teachers as
well we as a family and a community have
to have that particular environment that
when people come in that they're
welcomed here that when parents leave
their children that they're safe and
that we are going to make sure that that
culture is infused in them
so thank you good job good job I think
the biggest challenge that we faced was
resetting culture making sure that
students understand understood with
absolute clarity that they were a part
of a new school community and because
they're a part of a new school community
means that we have different a different
set of expectations for them so with
regard to the way that they conduct
themselves at school the way that they
address and approach their work the way
that they address one another the
decorum that we expect for them the
level of responsibility and individual
accountability that we have for them we
teach that explicitly all year long our
teachers come in for professional
development in the summer for three
weeks and the very first thing that we
introduce them to is this protocol that
they should subscribe to and that
protocol really are our core values hard
work excellence respect discipline
determination and leadership this year
I'm part of the transformation at mace
prep and it's been a very interesting
difficult but rewarding transformation
process this year we started the school
year three weeks before for the teachers
before the students came and it was like
figuring out how we can work together
creating a culture among the staff you
know getting a common language getting a
common culture and seeing how we wanted
everyone to work the same like you had
your independence in your classroom but
it was following the same procedures the
same rules and so we were a collective
union I think that's made the biggest
impact of big dependent in the biggest
change of nameless
we kind of used our morning activities
to kind of get them excited for learning
they come in in the morning they eat
breakfast and we also do our Kipp pledge
which talks about basically the fact
that being a tipster talks about our
power values which are persist on your
actions working together expecting the
best and kind of getting them in the
right mindset to know that we're going
in our classroom and we expect them to
uphold to all those values every day